URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-fort-saskatchewan/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Fort Saskatchewan, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Fort Saskatchewan, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Fort Saskatchewan, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Fort Saskatchewan
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Fort Saskatchewan, AB
Duty Cleaners in Edmonton, proudly serves Fort Saskatchewan's homeowners with top-notch residential cleaning services. Thanks to our vast offering of cleaning packages, we guarantee you'll find a service fitting your needs. From the start, you'll see how easy it is to choose the service that serves you better in just a few clicks!
We even make it easier for our clients to ask their questions, make changes, and request any special tasks through our website! Try our essential packages like office cleaning, or book a deep cleaning or post-construction cleaning if you want a more thorough service. Surely, you can count on Duty Cleaners to deliver quality!
Things To Do In Fort Saskatchewant, AB
Settled along the picturesque North Saskatchewan River, Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, captivates with its unique blend of rich history, natural beauty, and vibrant community. The city has a legacy of fur trading. It traces its roots back to the early 19th century when it served as a vital outpost for the Hudson's Bay Company.
Today, Fort Saskatchewan is a thriving industrial and cultural hub known for its petrochemical industry and impressive Dow Centennial Centre, which houses a theatre, art gallery, and fitness facilities. Also, if you want to know more about the city's history, you can explore the Fort Heritage Precinct. Here you can step back in time and immerse yourself in the tales of the early pioneers.
Perhaps you want to enjoy and admire the beautiful greenery in Fort Saskatchewan. Then, the scenic Legacy Park, a picturesque outdoor area featuring walking trails, picnic spots, and breathtaking views of the North Saskatchewan River, is the perfect place for you. However, to spend a relaxing and breathtaking night under the stars, head to the nearby Elk Island National Park, a stunning natural sanctuary where you can camp.
Fort Saskatchewan House Cleaning Done Right
Fort Saskatchewan's homeowners deserve the best cleaning service, and we're up to the task! We have the skills necessary to clean every area in your home. Whether we clean your bathroom, living room, bedroom, or kitchen, we'll use professional-grade tools to get the job done thoroughly.
The team at Duty Cleaners also follows safe practices to clean your place, so all our cleaners are committed to using safe products for you, your family, and your pets—including eco-friendly products at your request. Besides, we'll strive hard to fulfill any special instructions you could have!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Fort Saskatchewan?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Fort Saskatchewan?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Fort Saskatchewan! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Fort Saskatchewan.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Fort Saskatchewan, AB
If you don't have the time to fulfill your cleaning responsibilities regularly, we do! Be on top of your chores by hiring our recurring cleaning services. Whether you need us to tackle the grime weekly, bi-weekly, or four-weekly, we'll be there to always deliver the best results.
You won't only gain more hours to relax or spend with your family and friends, but you'll save money too! How? Depending on the frequency you choose for us to clean your home, you qualify for different discounts—the higher the frequency, the bigger the discount!
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service