URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/join-the-team/
TITLE: Become Part of the Duty Cleaners Family| Duty Cleaners

Become Part of the Duty Cleaners Family| Duty Cleaners                         Skip to content
Benefits
FAQ
Requirements
APPLY TODAY
780-913-6565
Become Part of the Duty Cleaners Family
Help Us Keep Spaces Spotless – Join Our Team!
APPLY TODAY
WHAT YOU GET
Why Choose Us?
Become part of a team that truly values and supports you.
Earn great pay.
Regular bookings at the same time and location every week.
Work when you want with a flexible schedule.
Get jobs in the areas you choose.
Lots of new jobs available every day.
We also provide part-time cleaning jobs.
You have the option to take weekends off, and no night shifts.
Be part of a community of like-minded cleaning professionals.
TAKE ME TO THE APPLICATION
YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED
Frequently Asked Questions
Have questions? Here are some answers to people’s most common questions.
What does the position pay?
The pay is based on the number of jobs you complete per pay period, with earnings varying accordingly.
What are the hours?
We are open Monday to Sunday, with cleaning hours from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
Do I need to have private reliable transportation?
Yes, you need your own vehicle to get to your jobs. Drop-offs by someone else are not allowed.
What qualifications are required for this position?
You must have paid experience as a cleaner
You must be authorized to work in Canada
You must speak English to a conversational level
You must be responsible and trustworthy
You must have internet access
You must pass a detailed background check
I already applied, now what?
Great! We are reviewing your submission. If you haven’t heard from us within 2-5 business days we encourage you to follow up and give us a call at (780) 913-6565.
I'M READY TO APPLY
WHAT YOU NEED
Job Requirements
We require you to have the following criteria in order to be eligible to work at Duty Cleaners.
Be BN registered. Don't have an BN yet? You can register for one in under 15m!Click here
Your Own Vehicle
Drivers license
Police checked
Have professional house/domestic cleaning experience
Provide your own equipment and supplies
Be insured to clean homes. Don't have insurance yet? That's fine we can walk through how you can get one, it's very affordable and easy.
I'M READY TO APPLY
APPLY BELOW
Application Form
Simply fill out the application below and we’ll contact you within 24 hours if you're qualified.
First Name
Last Name
Phone Number
Email
Birthday
Address
Which Location are you applying for?
-EdmontonCalgary
How long have you been working as a professional cleaner or in housekeeping?
-No Experience willing to be trained 1 year and under 2 years 3 years 4 years and above
Will you be able to provide your own equipment, and cleaning supplies?
-YesNo
How many clients(customers) do you currently clean for?
-NONE (Starting new)Under 10Over 10Varies
What type of cleaning experience do you have?  Select All  Hotels  Office  Professional House Cleaning  Post Construction Cleaning  Commercial / Warehouse
Check any or ALL that apply to you  I worked for a service before cleaning houses or apartments  I had/have my own clients (Customers you cleaned for)  I have experience cleaning hotels  I currently run my own house cleaning business and looking for more work  I do NOT have any experience cleaning houses or apartment
How many jobs can you accept per day? (House Cleaning)
-123
How would you rate your attention to detail?
-1 (Bad) 2 3 4 5 (Best)
Can you provide a proof that you are authorized to work in Canada?  Yes No
Can you pass a criminal background check?  Yes No
Are you willing to submit to a drug test?  Yes No
Do you have a vehicle with a valid license to use for work?  Yes No
Do you have full time access to a smart phone?  Yes No
Are you available to work Monday through Friday from 8am to 5pm consistently?  Yes No
As a Subcontractor are you looking for full time or part time?  Fulltime Part-time
When are you looking to start?
How many hours a week would be ideal?
How many hours per week would be your minimum?
What days are ideal? (Check all that apply)  Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday
Are you able to lift up to 25lb?
-YesNo
Are you allergic to cleaning products?
-YesNo
Are you allergic to animals?
-YesNo
Are you afraid of cats or dogs?
-YesNo
Are You Currently Employed?
-YesNo
If yes, where? (Optional)
Current / Most Recent Company
Start Date
End Date
Duties Performed
Starting Hourly Wage
Ending Hourly Wage
Supervisor Name
Supervisor Phone
Reason for Leaving
May we contact this employer?
-YesNo
Have you ever been arrested?
-YesNo
Have you ever been convicted of a criminal offense?
-YesNo
Has your license ever been suspended?
-YesNo
Why are you interested in this position?
Why should we hire you?
Tell us something you're proud of.
How did you hear about us?
Please upload your Resume
Submit My APPLICATION
© All rights reserved​