URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-beaumont/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Beaumont, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Beaumont, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Beaumont, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Beaumont
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Beaumont, AB
Duty Cleaners is your best option to leave your home grime-free in Beaumont, AB! Big or small, we'll clean your place flawlessly. Our professional cleaners are equipped with top-notch tools and supplies safe for your household—we can also use eco-friendly products if you request them!
We are committed to treating you with care, so we'll hear your requests and solve your questions through our website. Also, all our packages are tailored to fulfill all your cleaning needs. That's not all; we stand by a 100% satisfaction guarantee, so if you don't love the results, expect us to come back and make it right at no extra cost!
Things To Do In Beaumont, AB
Founded by French settlers as a small farming community, Beaumont (French for "beautiful hill") is now a beautiful city within the Edmonton Metropolitan Region of Alberta. With a population of over 21,000, this vibrant place still has its distinct small-town feeling while offering the amenities of an urban setting. Today, the downtown still resembles a French village, built with red brick walkways and picturesque architecture.
Start your day in Beaumont on a delightful note by immersing yourself in a charming shopping experience. Pay a visit to the vibrant Beaumont Farmers Market, which showcases local produce and artisanal goods—soak up the lively community atmosphere that fills the air! History enthusiasts can't miss the Beaumont & District Heritage Society, where you can learn about the region's heritage through engaging exhibits and artefacts.
Do you like to enjoy nature? If so, you'll absolutely adore Four Seasons Park. This verdant oasis offers a plethora of delights, including picturesque walking trails that wind through breathtaking scenery. Finally, satiate your hunger at Chartier, a delightful restaurant known for its delectable French-Canadian cuisine that perfectly blends rustic charm with modern elegance.
Beaumont House Cleaning Done Right
The people of Beaumont can rely on our exceptional cleaning services to handle their cleaning needs with utmost care! Our diligent and friendly cleaners follow a comprehensive cleaning checklist that guarantees every room in your home will be left tidy and gleaming. What's more, our cleaners come equipped with top-notch cleaning supplies, ensuring that they tackle the job with maximum effectiveness.
Do you have specific preferences on how to clean a room? Feel free to provide us with a detailed list of special instructions for different tasks, and we will clean your place exactly as you want! And we don't stop at sweeping and wiping! Once all the dirt is gone, the next crucial step is to sanitise your home, leaving it as healthy and immaculate as you deserve.
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Beaumont?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Beaumont?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Beaumont! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Beaumont.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Beaumont, AB
Maintaining a consistently clean home can be arduous, requiring countless hours of hard work. However, there's a simpler and more effective solution: enlist the recurring cleaning services provided by Duty Cleaner! Regardless of how frequently your home requires cleaning, our weekly, bi-weekly, and four-weekly services are here to meet your needs.
The prospect of having more leisure time is undoubtedly exciting, but the added benefit of saving money is even more extraordinary! Depending on our visits and cleaning frequency (that you choose), you'll enjoy remarkable discounts ranging from 10% to 20%! Say goodbye to the hassle, keep some extra cash in your pocket, and revel in the assurance of top-notch quality that only a professional cleaning company can offer you!
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service