URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-airdrie/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Airdrie, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Airdrie, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Airdrie, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for  Airdrie
GET INSTANT PRICE
403-768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Airdrie, AB
Duty Cleaners is your go-to solution for a spotless home in Airdrie, AB! Whether your space is large or small, our professional cleaners will ensure every corner shines. We come equipped with top-of-the-line tools and supplies that are safe for your household, and upon request, we can use eco-friendly products to give you a greener clean!
Why Choose Duty Cleaners in Airdrie?
We’re committed to treating you with the utmost care. Your requests and questions are always welcome through our website, and all our cleaning packages are customized to meet your specific needs. Plus, we stand by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. If you’re not thrilled with the results, we’ll come back and make it right—free of charge!
Things To Do In Airdrie, AB
Located just north of Calgary, Airdrie is a dynamic city within Alberta’s Calgary Metropolitan Region. Originally established as a railway village in the late 1800s, Airdrie has blossomed into a thriving community with a population of over 80,000 residents. Despite its rapid growth, Airdrie has retained its friendly, small-town atmosphere while offering all the amenities of urban life.
One of Airdrie’s standout features is its vibrant community events, like the famous Airdrie Festival of Lights, Canada’s largest free outdoor light display, held annually in Nose Creek Park. For those who love the outdoors, Iron Horse Park offers miniature train rides that are perfect for family fun, while nature enthusiasts can explore scenic trails and serene views at East Lake Regional Park. Shopping lovers can visit the Airdrie Farmers Market to enjoy local produce and handcrafted goods. For dining, First & Vine is a must-visit, offering locally sourced cuisine with a cozy, contemporary vibe.
Airdrie House Cleaning Done Right
Residents of Airdrie can count on Duty Cleaners for exceptional cleaning services that leave every home sparkling clean. Our friendly, diligent cleaners follow a detailed cleaning checklist, ensuring that every room is left spotless. We bring high-quality cleaning supplies to tackle even the toughest messes effectively and safely.
Have specific preferences? No problem! Just provide us with a detailed list of special instructions, and we’ll clean your home exactly the way you like it. But we don’t just stop at cleaning—we sanitize your home, creating a healthier environment for you and your loved ones.
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in  Airdrie?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in  Airdrie! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Airdrie.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services in Airdrie, AB
Keeping your home consistently clean can be a challenge, but with Duty Cleaners’ recurring cleaning services, it’s easier than ever. Whether you need weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly cleanings, we’ve got a plan that fits your schedule.
Not only will you enjoy more free time, but you’ll also save money! Depending on how often you schedule our visits, you’ll receive discounts ranging from 10% to 20%. Say goodbye to the stress of cleaning, keep extra cash in your pocket, and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with hiring a professional cleaning company!
Ready to experience top-notch house cleaning in Airdrie? Contact Duty Cleaners today to schedule your appointment. We’re here to make your life easier, one spotless room at a time!
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at   (403) 768-1341
Our office
Duty Cleaners Cleaning Services Airdrie
2002 Luxstone Boulevard Southwest, Suite 111, Airdrie, AB T4B 3K8
Phone: +1 (587) 405-5231
Email: airdrie@dutycleaners.ca
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service