URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-windermere/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Windermere, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Windermere, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in
Windermere, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Windermere
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Windermere, AB
Nobody else delivers better house cleaning services in Windermere than Duty Cleaners! Our cleaners adhere to the highest cleaning standards using top-notch cleaning supplies and tools. They work hard to clean every room in your house without skipping a single task—if you have a special cleaning request, they'll tackle it too!
From beginning to end, we'll have open communication with you through our website so we can clear your doubts and make changes to your service. We like to be honest with our clients so that you won't find any shady surprises in your bill. We're upfront in our pricing—no hidden fees!
Things To Do In Windermere, AB
Windermere is a safe, friendly, and family-oriented young neighbourhood in the southwestern part of Edmonton. With a population of around 11,000, it offers a friendly feel while still being part of the larger city. Although founded less than 20 years ago, it has grown to hold many upscale residential developments and amenities. However, its location near the North Saskatchewan River also provides stunning nature views. All in all, Windermere is an enjoyable place for anyone staying there!
For shopping lovers, Currents of Windermere is a bustling shopping centre filled to the brim with a wide range of stores, restaurants, and entertainment options they will enjoy. To experience the area's cultural offerings, visit the Windermere Music Academy, which hosts regular concerts and performances showcasing local talent, providing a delightful cultural experience for visitors and residents alike.
Do you want to enjoy nature in Windermere? Visit Terwillegar Park, a vast green space along the North Saskatchewan River that provides ample space for picnics, hiking, and scenic river views. Finally, when you get hungry, head to Flame & Barrel, a trendy and inviting eatery that offers a delectable fusion of flavours through its grilled dishes and handcrafted cocktails.
Windermere House Cleaning Done Right
Windermere homeowners can rest assured that they can get the best cleaning company to tackle their chores! Our skilled, fully vetted cleaners will follow an extensive cleaning checklist that ensures they'll leave every room in your home spotless. Even better, they'll do it using top-notch quality tools and products—we'll clean your place with care!
Are you worried about a specific room or area? The team at Duty Cleaners in Edmonton will listen to any special instructions or requests you might have, and they'll follow through. Also, we go even further than just cleaning your place; at the end of each visit, we make sure to sanitise all surfaces so you and your family can enjoy a clean and healthy home!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Windermere?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Windermere?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Windermere! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Windermere.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Windermere, AB
Spending lots of time and effort is a given if you want to keep your home clean for more than one day. To help you recover your free time, Duty Cleaners offers recurring cleaning services for all Windermere's homeowners! You can pick weekly, bi-weekly, or four-weekly cleaning services depending on what you need.
If having more free time sounds good, you'll love to know you'll also save money! We offer discounts that go from 10% to 20% based on the frequency you want us to clean your place. Thanks to our professional cleaning, You'll find nothing more relaxing than knowing your home will be truly spotless with every visit!
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service