URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/8088/cleaning-with-vinegar-and-baking-soda/
TITLE: Cleaning with Vinegar and Baking Soda

Cleaning with Vinegar and Baking Soda
Nowadays, we can find different cleaning products available in the market, but of course with many harsh chemicals and robust solutions, which are unsafe to use in every household. Talking about house cleansers, we are all concerned with the safety and health of our family; Always! –That’s why instead of using these strong cleaners, we can utilize household items that are not only Skilled and efficient home cleaners but also safe to use.
Vinegar and Baking Soda are two products we can use for many things in the home, not just for cleaning but for many other purposes. The downside is we can’t use these products to clean everything in your house. But they are still safer than using cleaners with harsh chemicals. This blog will teach you different techniques and how and when to use or not use them.
.
Can you Clean with Vinegar and Baking Soda?
You’d be surprised at how many things in your home you can clean with baking soda and vinegar. You can use these two household items as natural cleaners to eliminate grime, grease, and dirt. By using substances that sit on both ends of the pH scale, you can create a more effective cleaning solution.
Did you know that baking soda, also known as sodium bicarbonate, is a base that can dissolve some compounds, including grease and dirt? And not just that, baking soda is also a natural abrasive cleaner that can serve as an excellent cleaning agent without fear of damaging your surfaces. On the other hand, vinegar is an acid that can break down minerals – including hard water stains. By combining them, you can make your home sparking clean in no time.
How to Guide: Mix Vinegar and Baking Soda to Clean
There are concrete ways to combine these products before you start cleaning. The mixture needs to be either acidic or basic to be effective. So it is advisable not to use equal parts of baking soda and vinegar.
For the best results, apply the mixture to the surface while it is still bubbling and slightly basic. When baking soda and vinegar mix, they create a reaction that releases carbon dioxide gas. These will help cut through grime and dirt. Once the mixture stops bubbling, it will be less effective. Letting your mixture sit until it stops bubbling will be similar to cleaning with plain water.
What to Clean with Vinegar and Baking Soda
Both baking soda and vinegar are versatile in the many areas and surfaces they can clean. However, it’s important to remember that the same combination of ingredients might only work for some things. You may need to create different mixtures for different surfaces.
Kitchen Sink
Did you know that the kitchen sink carries more bacteria than the toilet and garbage can? They need much attention and cleaning daily. If you have scum or grease buildup on your sink, these two natural agents can be good in helping remove the buildup. For the sink, sprinkle baking soda on the surface before scrubbing and rinsing it off. Soak paper towels in distilled white vinegar and let them line the sink for 20 minutes before wiping the cover down.
Clogged Drains and Garbage Disposals
Clogged kitchen drains can be very frustrating, especially if, no matter how hard we try to keep the drain clear, they still get clogged with dirt, food, and obscene materials all the time. This will make the sink smelly and affects drainage, too. The sink might drain slowly or not all. To solve this problem, pour baking soda and add 2 cups of white vinegar. The two will react together, which will help break down grime, grease, and dirt. Wait until the mixture stops bubbling before flushing the drain with boiling water.
Now, if the stuck food and gunk are still in the garbage disposal, you can dump half a cup of baking soda into the disposal and let it stay there for 10 minutes to deodorize and clean the sides. Then, pour vinegar in and let the mixture bubble. After that, pour hot water with dish soap.
Faucets
We all hate dirty faucets riddled with hard deposits. No matter how often we clean them, they can become grimy and stained after a few days of cleaning. It helps when you know the technique with the right tools. Get sparking clean faucets by using these two cleaning agents. First, make a baking soda paste by adding a tablespoon of baking soda and water with the same amount of vinegar. Second, use the paste to cover all chrome areas of the sink. Let it remain for at least 15 minutes. After that, scrub those areas and buff them to get the sparkle.
Refrigerator
The fridge can be cleaned with baking soda and vinegar separately. Both are great for cleaning your fridge and keeping odors at bay. When using vinegar, fill a spray bottle with equal parts vinegar and water to wipe down your surfaces in the refrigerator. Mix baking soda with hot water and wipe it onto the fridge’s interior. Leave it for a few minutes, then rinse it cleanly.
Dishwasher and Coffee PotSoap scum and mildew can be a pain to remove, but baking soda and vinegar can help cut through them. Mix 1 and 2/3 cups of baking soda and a half cup of liquid soap in a bowl. Mix half a cup of water with two tablespoons of white vinegar. To make a smooth mixture, combine them and stir thoroughly to remove any lumps. Put the mixture into a spray bottle and shake well. Spray the mixture on your bathroom surfaces and use a nylon-backed sponge to scrub it. Rinse all surfaces with water.
Bathroom Surfaces
Soap scum and mildew can be a pain to remove, but baking soda and vinegar can help cut through them. Mix 1 and 2/3 cups of baking soda and a half cup of liquid soap in a bowl. Mix half a cup of water with 2 tablespoons of white vinegar. To make a smooth mixture, combine them and stir thoroughly to remove any lumps. Put the mixture into a spray bottle and shake well. Spray the mixture on your bathroom surfaces and use a nylon-backed sponge to scrub it. Rinse all surfaces with water.
Showerheads
If your showerhead is clogged with minerals, vinegar can help clear it—Mix 1 cup of vinegar and one quart of water to make a cleaning solution. Before using, let the showerhead soak in the mixture for 15 minutes. Afterward, rinse it off before replacing the showerhead.
Toilet bowl
Regular cleaning of your toilet is essential to keep your bathroom hygienic. Use baking soda to add sparkle back to your toilet bowl. Add equal parts baking soda and hydrogen peroxide. Use a toilet brush to rub the mixture around the bowl. Leave the solution for at least 15 minutes, then scrub and rinse the sparkling bowl.
Carpet Stains
Vinegar can also help lift stains and remove dirt from your carpets. Combine two tablespoons of salt with four tablespoons of white vinegar and lightly rub into carpet stains. Wait to vacuum until the solution has dried.
Laundry Detergent
Do you hate it when your freshly washed clothes appear dull and still smell not so great? Don’t worry; you have these two natural agents to your rescue. You can use these two together by adding half a cup of baking soda to your clothes before the wash cycle in the washing machine. Then, add vinegar to the rinse cycle. You don’t need to use fabric conditioner with this combination.
Baking soda can boost your liquid laundry detergent cleaning process and brighten your clothes, while vinegar removes the foul odor and softens the fabric. You can use about 120 milliliters of vinegar in the washing machine.
When Not to Clean with Vinegar and Baking Soda
Unfortunately, baking soda and vinegar cannot be used in all situations. Some surfaces can be damaged if they come into contact with these ingredients. Although these two may not always work, other cleaning materials you can use will be more effective. Below are some situations where choosing a different method/cleaning material is best.
Descale an Iron
Do not add vinegar to the clothes iron because it can permanently damage the inside as the acid eats away the lining and metal parts.
Mirrors
Products with an acidic component can damage the backing of mirrors and should, therefore, never use vinegar to remove stubborn stains.
Marble, Granite, or Stone Counters
You should never use these two in cleaning natural stone or marble surfaces. Both can make them lose their shine. Instead, use a liquid cleaner with water for the best results.
Wood Floors and Furniture
Vinegar can damage the finish that protects the wood and leaves it cloudy and dull. It is always best to use cleaning products recommended and formulated for wood floors and furniture.
Trust the Cleaning Professionals with House Cleaning Services
Are you trying to figure out which cleaners are best for your home? Leave the cleaning to us! The professionals at Duty Cleaners in Edmonton will ensure your home is thoroughly clean with our top-of-the-line products. No matter your preference – natural remedies or harsh chemicals – our professional cleaners will work with you to ensure your needs are met. With years of experience under our belts, we know which products work best for each cleaning task. Schedule a professional house cleaning today through Duty Cleaner’s online booking system.