URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-spruce-grove/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Spruce Grove, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Spruce Grove, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Spruce Grove, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Spruce Grove
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Spruce Grove, AB
No other cleaning company in Spruce Grove can match Duty Cleaners' quality! Besides sending the most prepared, fully vetted cleaners to your place, we equip them with top-of-the-line tools and products to remove even the most stubborn grime without a problem! Don't worry about our capabilities; we are fully licensed!
You won't need to undergo cumbersome processes or paperwork to hire us; you only need to fill out an online form, and we'll be ready to clean your place! Honesty is one of our core values, so you won't have to worry about upsells, shady agreements, or hidden fees. On top of that, if you are unhappy with our work, we'll reclean your place for free. We're committed to making you happy!
Things To Do In Spruce Grove, AB
Spruce Grove originated in 1891 when French and Scottish families established roots in this picturesque locale. Now home to around 35,000 inhabitants, this lively city has flourished into a thriving urban centre, all while maintaining a profound bond with its natural surroundings. Located just a mere 11 kilometres west of Edmonton, Spruce Grove offers residents the best of the serenity of rural living and the accessibility of urban conveniences.
Spruce Grove offers many activities that combine community charm and natural beauty. Start your tour with a visit to the Spruce Grove Grain Elevator Museum, where you can learn about the region's agricultural history and watch the last wooden grain elevator in the area. Then, you can enjoy nature at Jubilee Park, a serene oasis with lush greenery, walking trails, and a peaceful pond perfect for picnics or relaxing walks.
For a fun-filled family outing, head to The Links at Spruce Grove, a picturesque golf course offering a challenging game amidst stunning views. Finally, complete your day with a visit to the Spruce Grove Art Gallery, showcasing a diverse collection of local artworks and providing an opportunity to appreciate the region's creative talent.
Spruce Grove House Cleaning Done Right
Finding reliable house cleaning services can be hard, but Duty Cleaners delivers on all fronts! Our vetted cleaners consistently follow the best cleaning practices to leave your place grime-free whenever we visit you. Although we have an extensive checklist that ensures we won't skip a cleaning task, you can make additional requests that we'll strive to fulfill!
We guarantee your house will end up sparkling clean because our cleaners use top-of-the-line tools and products, allowing them to tackle any dirty job without damaging any surface in your home. After we tidy up your place, we sanitise it so you and your family can enjoy a clean and safe house!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Spruce Grove?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Spruce Grove?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Spruce Grove! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Spruce Grove.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Spruce Grove, AB
Nobody likes to see their home dirty, but finding time to clean it is not always easy. If you struggle to keep up with your chores, hire our recurring cleaning services! It doesn't matter how often you need your home to be spotless; we can clean your place on a weekly, bi-weekly, and four-week basis!
Thanks to our recurring cleaning, you'll have more free time to spend on things that matter and save a few bucks. How? Depending on how often you want us to go to your home, we give every customer a 10% to 20% discount on their total! Expect nothing but consistent, squeaky-clean results with every visit.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
Duty Cleaners Cleaning Services Spruce Grove
105 King Street, Spruce Grove, AB T7X 0J6
Phone: +1 (587) 405-5217
Email: sprucegrove@dutycleaners.ca
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service