URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-leduc/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Leduc, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Leduc, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Leduc, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Leduc
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Leduc, AB
We love to help people in Leduc, AB, to keep their homes clean and tidy! Whether you need help to cover the basic cleaning chores in your home or stubborn grime, our skilled and outgoing cleaners are up for the challenge! Don't doubt our capabilities; we are fully licensed to provide home cleaning services and use top-of-the-line products!
Plus, if you want to make a request, clear any doubts, or make changes to your appointment, you can easily do it through our website. We believe open communication and honesty are essential for a great service, so we guarantee you pay what you see. There are no hidden fees or upsells! We'll be fully prepared to tackle your cleaning duties, no matter what.
Things To Do In Leduc, AB
Nestled in the heart of Alberta lies Leduc, a captivating city that seamlessly intertwines the warmth of a small-town atmosphere with the vast array of opportunities found in larger urban centres.
Leduc also boasts a rich history rooted in agriculture, oil, and gas, which is celebrated at the Leduc #1 Energy Discovery Centre, where you can explore the city's pivotal role in the energy industry. If you want to take a stroll, get to the beautiful Telford Lake Park (named after the city's founder), where you can enjoy a serene waterfront oasis with walking trails, picnic areas, and a beach.
Go for an immersive cultural experience, and attend a performance at the Maclab Centre for the Performing Arts, a state-of-the-art venue hosting diverse theatrical productions. Lastly, end your day savouring a craft beer at Rig Hand Distillery, a local hotspot renowned for its unique brews and friendly atmosphere.
Leduc House Cleaning Done Right
You won't find a more skilled cleaning team to tackle your chores in Leduc, AB! We are fully licensed to provide you with the best cleaning services out there. Whether you need a standard or specialised service, our cleaners use top-notch quality tools to ensure your place will be clean while paying extra care to prevent damage to your property.
Do you have any special requests? Our hard-working cleaners will go above and beyond to fulfill them and leave your place as clean as you love with every visit. Besides, they use safe cleaning supplies, harmless for humans and pets—we also offer green cleaning options at your request!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Leduc?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Leduc?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Leduc! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Leduc.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Leduc, AB
Keeping your home clean may seem impossible if you have a busy schedule. Luckily, we can take over your chores, so you don't have to worry! Our recurring cleaning package will save you the time you need and let you relax, knowing professional cleaners are taking over your chores!
You can choose between three different recurrence options: weekly, bi-weekly, and four-weekly, depending on your specific needs. Based on how often you want us to clean your place! Enjoy more free time and save money with Duty Cleaners.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service