URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-morinville/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Morinville, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Morinville, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Morinville, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Morinville
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Morinville, AB
Morinville's homeowners can enjoy premium house cleaning services thanks to Duty Cleaners! We make things easy from the start by letting you book with us within minutes through our online system. We believe in delivering a complete cleaning experience, so you can contact us at any time on our website for changes, requests or to simply let us know how we're doing.
All our cleaners are well equipped with professional-grade cleaning supplies, so they can easily tackle all types of dirt and grime in your home—besides, you won't have to provide any tools! It doesn't matter the package you choose, you can customise them depending on your home's specific needs, and we'll deliver the same amazing results!
Things To Do In Morinville, AB
Morinville is a charming town with rich history, a tight-knit community, and a scenic setting. Its roots trace back to the late 1800s when Jean Baptiste Morin and French-speaking immigrants established the area. With a population of around 10,000, Morinville provides a serene escape just north of Edmonton while offering easy access to urban amenities.
Morinville's strong community spirit and pride in its heritage are evident in its historic buildings, such as the iconic St. Jean Baptiste Church, which stands as a testament to the town's cultural roots. Begin your exploration by visiting the renowned Morinville Museum, where you can delve into the town's history through fascinating exhibits and artefacts.
For a cultural experience, catch a performance at the Morinville Community Cultural Centre, a vibrant venue hosting live theatre productions, concerts, and art exhibitions. Finally, delight your taste buds at Bistro Di Madre Piccola, a cosy and inviting Italian bistro known for its flavorful dishes and warm hospitality.
Morinville House Cleaning Done Right
Hiring Duty Cleaners is getting the best house cleaning services in Morinville! When you book, our fully vetted cleaners will arrive equipped with professional-grade supplies to easily clean visible and not-so-visible grime. You can rest assured we won't skip a single chore because we follow an extensive cleaning checklist.
If you have a specific way to tackle the dirt in a room, you can tell us, as our team follows thorough instructions and requests you might have! On top of leaving your place squeaky clean, we sanitize it so you and your loved ones can relax in a spotless and healthy home—we can even use eco-friendly products at your request.
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Morinville?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Morinville?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Morinville! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Morinville.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Morinville, AB
Keeping your home constantly clean is not an easy goal, especially due to all the time it can take. However, we can help you! Duty Cleaners offers recurring cleaning services that can help you keep your place spotless on a weekly, bi-weekly, or four-week basis—you can pick or change your package according to your needs!
Besides freeing your time to enjoy it as you please, you'll also save money! Depending on what recurring service you choose, we'll give you a 10%, 15%, or 20% discount for your preference. Don't hesitate and get the reliability and effectiveness that only a professional cleaning service can deliver
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service