URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/commercial-cleaning-services-calgary/
TITLE: Commercial Cleaning Services in Calgary | Duty Cleaners

Commercial Cleaning Services in Calgary | Duty Cleaners                         Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
Commercial Cleaning Services in Calgary
Trusted Cleaning Solutions for Calgary Businesses
GET INSTANT PRICE
(403) 768-1341
Home » Calgary Office Commercial Cleaning  » Edmonton Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean business space creates a strong impression on customers, enhances employee productivity, and ensures a healthier work environment. At Duty Cleaners, we provide customized commercial cleaning services in Calgary, tailored to meet the unique needs of local businesses.
We understand that every commercial space is different, which is why we create personalized cleaning schedules to fit your workflow—whether it’s daily, weekly, or monthly cleaning. Our Calgary cleaning experts handle everything from office spaces and retail stores to warehouses and medical facilities.
📅 Flexible Cleaning Plans | 100% Quality Guarantee | No Hidden Fees
Specialized Commercial Cleaning Services in Calgary
Over the years, we’ve helped thousands of businesses with our commercial cleaning in Calgary. Amongst many companies who offer our services, we are the only ones who are transparent with our services pricing. If you work in an office, warehouse, or any other business location, we can meet your needs whether you’re looking to impress shareholders, clients, or even your employees. Let’s not forget, your employees don’t want to be working in a dirty office. When you have cleaners regularly visiting, your workers feel valued and can get on with their work with confidence and motivation.
Industries We Serve in Calgary:
Business Cleaning - No matter what type of business you may have, our experts will use the right equipment with the right techniques to keep everything up to standard. If required, we can clean the blinds, windows, walls, toilets, counter tops, microwaves, cabinets, drawers, fridges, pictures, mirrors, window sills, and more. As you can see, we offer an extensive service and, if you contact us today, we would love to talk through your needs and arrange a regular schedule.
Janitorial Cleaning - Depending on your needs, this commercial janitorial service in Calgary can include all the standard jobs each day to ensure the building keeps ticking along. From restocking toilet paper to cleaning the floors, this type of service can be fantastic for your commercial spaces.
Warehouse Cleaning - When looking for commercial cleaning in Calgary, you need a company with experience in all different buildings and environments. With our warehouse cleaning, you have exactly this because it’s not something all Calgary janitorial companies will offer. Once again, we can help with toilets, flooring, and anything else you may need.
Office Cleaning - As we discussed earlier, the cleanliness of your office is pivotal for both potential clients and your employees. With Duty Cleaners, we know where the danger zones are including telephones, keyboards, around the desk, in the kitchen, etc. With the first two in particular, germs quickly spread from one employee to the next and soon enough you have half the workforce off ill. With a clean environment, the risk of this is severely reduced and you can be happy increasing the time spent at work.
Why Choose Duty Cleaners Commercial Cleaning Services
If you’ve researched the commercial cleaning Calgary market even a little, you’ll know there are many companies offering their services and we aren't one to shy away from this. With some cleaning services for businesses, they like to pretend there isn't any competition but this isn't healthy. Instead, we constantly strive to improve our offering and make sure we offer the best service possible. If we do this, we know that nobody could ever top our efforts and this is where we are right now.
Professional Service - First and foremost, you need a company who shares your vision. Rather than just being ‘the cleaners’, we want to join you on your journey to greatness because we believe in the power of a clean workplace. Once we arrange a schedule and cleaning list, we’ll complete the tasks to the highest possible standard every single time.
Experience - Over the years, we’ve seen many changes in the industry whether it’s the required training for cleaners, changes in cleaning products, or new laws regarding cleaning. As a result, we’ve developed the best techniques and can react to issues quickly. Whilst younger companies haven’t been tested, we’ve been through it all and come out the other side even stronger.
High-Quality Training - As you may have noticed, we take our role in the industry very seriously. Therefore, we do not allow our cleaners onto your site without sufficient training and experience. Across the board, we have strict cleaning procedures to prevent cross contamination and various other problems. Once we recognize high touch points, we’ll give them extra attention and keep your office, warehouse, or any other commercial building fit for purpose.
Satisfaction Guaranteed - As a commercial cleaning service in Calgary, everything we do is for your satisfaction so we work to meet your needs. If ever you aren't satisfied, just give us a call and we can discuss the issue before finding a solution. Although there are given methods and techniques to cleaning, there are still some factors unique to our clients so just let us know and we’ll do our best to adhere to your requests.
Bonded and Insured - When selecting a cleaning company, it's important to choose one that is bonded.
With the advancements in technology in recent years, new technology has been released and studies have been carried out on cleaning products. As a result, we now know which products need to be used in certain areas and we have a fully-optimized plan that will have your workplace the cleanest it can be. Rather than using ‘multi-purpose’ cleaners, our products are specialised depending on the job at hand (just like our techniques!).
Questions?
Can you clean for my business? - In short, yes. As you saw a little earlier, we provide a fantastic service for a number of commercial properties including offices, churches,restaurants, events, warehouses, and whole lot more. After getting in contact, we can discuss your needs before then arranging a regular schedule to provide the cleaning you desire.
Am I protected? - Absolutely. Not only are we bonded, but we’re also insured.
I’m only a small business, do I have options? - Yes, we’re here for you. We recognize that not every business needs a full cleaning service every single day which is why we create a schedule with you depending on your needs. Whether it’s once a week or twice a week, we create a schedule that fits within your needs and budget. Hopefully, your business will grow over time and we can help you on this journey.
Why is commercial cleaning important? -Commercial cleaning is essential for maintaining a safe and healthy environment for everyone who enters the building, from clients and employees to shareholders. A well-maintained space also enhances your reputation for cleanliness, which is always appreciated. Plus, providing a clean workplace shows employees that you value their well-being and efforts.
How do I get the ball rolling? - If you’re interested in getting started, feel free to get in touch today and you’ll reach one of our experts. If you have questions, we can be contacted by email or phone today!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us on (403) 768-1341
Our office
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of operation
Mon-Sat: 8:00am – 8:00pm
Sunday: 9:00am-3:00pm
REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
SERVING
Calgary
(403) 768- 1341
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service