URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/whats-included/
TITLE: Checklist | Duty Cleaners | Edmonton

Checklist | Duty Cleaners | Edmonton                         Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
Checklist
We adhere to a strict checklist to guarantee that we deliver the highest quality clean.
GET INSTANT PRICE
(780) 913-6565
(403) 768-1341
Home »  Checklist
What’s Included?
We offer different types of cleaning services based on your needs, including Standard Cleaning, Deep Cleaning, Move-In/Move-Out Cleaning, Post-Construction Cleaning, and Commercial Cleaning. Our pricing is determined by the size of your home, the number of bedrooms and bathrooms, any additional services requested, and the home's condition.
Standard Cleaning
Our Standard Cleaning includes dusting all surface areas of the home. It also includes a full cleaning of countertops, bathrooms, kitchen, and floors, as well as cleaning the outside of appliances and cabinets and vacuuming carpets.
All Rooms
Wiping down, and dusting all surfaces, and furniture.
Thorough vacuuming and mopping of floors.
Cleaning countertops, sinks, and mirrors.
Vacuuming stairs and dusting wood surfaces.
Bathrooms
Thorough cleaning of all surfaces, including mirrors, countertops, vanities, cabinets, sinks, and taps.
Removal of scum from shower screens, tubs, and tiles.
Scrubbing of toilets and toilet bowls.
Cleaning inside and outside of the toilet, including the base and lid.
Cleaning shower doors, tracks, and glass.
Sanitizing all bathroom counters.
Kitchen
Thorough cleaning of all surfaces, including countertops, stove, sink, splashback, outside appliances, outside cabinets, and inside and outside the microwave.
Deep Cleaning (Extra)
Includes everything in standard cleaning, plus:
Cleaning ceiling fan blades.
Baseboards, doors, light switches, wall outlets, and outside vent covers.
Hand-wiping moldings, woodwork, window sills, and lock ledges.
Detailed cleaning of stovetop, grates, and the top of the refrigerator.
Move Out Cleaning (Extra)
Includes everything in standard and deep cleaning, plus:
Inside all the appliances
Inside the drawers, and inside the cabinets.
Behind the oven and behind the fridge, but they have to be pulled out before the cleaners come in.
Available Extras
Inside windows
Wiping blinds
Spot/Wall Washing
Basement Cleaning
Garage/balcony sweeping
De-cluttering/Organizing
What’s Not Included?
We offer a wide range of professional cleaning services, but there are certain tasks we do not cover due to safety, equipment requirements, or industry standards. Below is a list of services that are not included in our cleaning packages. If you have specific requests, feel free to reach out, and we’ll do our best to assist or recommend alternatives.
❎Moving heavy items over 25 pounds.
❎Outdoor work or exterior window cleaning.
❎Removal of pet or human bodily fluids, as well as molds.
❎Infestation removal.
❎Cleaning areas above the reach of a 3-step ladder.
❎Light bulbs & lighting fixtures:
We won’t wipe down or wet wipe light bulbs. These are too fragile and too big a liability for us to clean.
❎Garages & patios:
With our cold winters, we need to keep our teams indoors. It’s too dangerous in Alberta for us to clean outdoors.
Plus, we don’t carry the necessary
❎Outside windows:
Outside windows can require ladders and special equipment to clean properly. Our teams are only set up to clean inside
windows which can be reached with a small step stool.
❎Carpet steam commercial cleaning
❎Clean chandeliers
❎Hoarding, high levels of trash/debris​
❎Cleaning cat litter box on the floor
❎Cleaning insects/rodents
❎Heavy scrubbing walls/doors​
❎Cleaning anything outside the home​
❎Furnace / vent / duct / upholsterye​
❎Drain cleaning​
❎window screens or disassemble of windows​
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
SERVING
Edmonton
(780) 913- 6565
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
SERVING
Calgary
(403) 768- 1341
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service