URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-stony-plain/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Stony Plain, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Stony Plain, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Stony Plain, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Stony Plain
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Stony Plain, AB
If you need a professional cleaning company to tackle your chores, Duty Cleaners is your best choice! We'll ensure your place will be spotless at the end of every visit because we follow a thorough checklist to sweep, wipe, wash, and vacuum every space without missing anything. Do you want us to tackle an area in a specific way? Tell us, and we'll gladly do it!
It doesn't matter if you are a new or regular client; we like to be mindful of whatever you may need. You can contact us through our website to solve any questions or requests. On top of that, we value your money, so you won't be surprised by hidden fees or upsells. Get our services and enjoy a clean home!
Things To Do In Stony Plain, AB
With a population of approximately 18,000, Stony Plain embraces its rich history, dating back to the late 1800s when European immigrants settled it. Unlike other cities, it has preserved its historic character through its well-preserved downtown core, adorned with colourful murals that depict the town's past. Stony Plain stands out as a town that cherishes its roots while embracing the opportunities of the present.
Begin your exploration by embarking on a self-guided tour of the town's nationwide famous murals, which adorn the buildings and depict the area's history and culture with captivating colours and storytelling. Keeping up with cultural activities, experience the creative atmosphere of the Multicultural Heritage Centre, where you can admire local artwork and participate in workshops that celebrate the diverse traditions of the community.
If you're getting hungry, Twenty Eight Urban Kitchen is a trendy casual restaurant offering a fusion of global flavours and modern culinary techniques that will delight your taste buds and leave you wanting more. Complete your day with a nice walk through the picturesque Shikaoi Park, admiring the serene gardens and finding inspiration amidst the natural beauty that surrounds you.
Stony Plain House Cleaning Done Right
People of Stony Plain can be sure they will get the best cleaning company to take over their cleaning duties! Our hard-working and friendly cleaners adhere to a detailed cleaning checklist that guarantees all the rooms in your home will be tidy and shining. Besides, our cleaners will always arrive equipped with professional-grade cleaning supplies, so you know they'll tackle the job effectively.
Do you have a specific way to clean a room? You can give us a list with special instructions about how to tackle different tasks—we'll clean your place just as you want! On top of that, we do more than just sweeping and wiping. Once all the dirt is gone, the next step is to sanitise your home in order to leave the place as healthy and clean as you deserve!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Stony Plain?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Stony Plain?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Stony Plain! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Stony Plain.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Stony Plain, AB
It would seem that the only way you can keep your home constantly clean is by spending many hours and a lot of effort on it. However, there's a more easy and effective way: hire Duty Cleaner's recurring cleaning services! It doesn't matter how often your home needs cleaning; our weekly- bi-weekly, and four-weekly services will have you covered!
Having more free time is wonderful news, but saving money is even more amazing! Depending on how often you like us to visit and clean your place, you'll get a fantastic discount going from 10% to 20%! You'll be free from the hassle, save a few bucks, and get a quality guarantee that only a professional cleaning company can give you!
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service