URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-devon/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Devon, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Devon, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Devon, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Devon
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Devon, AB
Duty Cleaners is the favourite cleaning company of Devon's homeowners! From the first moment you approach us, you'll notice how easy booking with us through our online system is. Besides, we are fully licensed, meaning we are approved to provide the best professional cleaning services in the area!
Whether you need a basic cleaning or a more specialised service, our wonderful cleaners will clean every room in your house until they're spotless! Besides, if you have a specific request about how to clean or what to clean, let us know, and we'll do it just as you want. We value your money, so you'll never get surprised by upsells or hidden fees!
Things To Do In Devon, AB
Devon's birth directly resulted from one of the greatest oil discoveries in history—the monumental Leduc No. 1 well, drilled in 1947. With strong connections to the oil and coal industry, this community grew slowly but steadily, now boasting a population of 6,500 residents. Situated along the breathtaking North Saskatchewan River, Devon enthrals both locals and visitors with its idyllic small-town allure and captivating natural splendour.
The town's coal mining heritage is still evident today, with historical landmarks like the iconic Devonian Gardens paying homage to its past and boasting stunning displays of flowers, lush gardens, and tranquil ponds perfect for a peaceful stroll. Dive further into history at the Devon Museum, which showcases exhibits that delve into the town's rich past and heritage.
For outdoor enthusiasts, the River Valley Adventure Co. offers thrilling experiences like kayaking, canoeing, and paddleboarding along the picturesque North Saskatchewan River. End your visit with a trip to the scenic Voyageur Park, a popular destination for picnicking, fishing, and enjoying the scenic river views.
Devon House Cleaning Done Right
Rest easy knowing that we provide outstanding cleaning services, as evidenced by our top rating in Edmonton! Our team is committed to leaving no grime behind, ensuring each room in your home is meticulously cleaned according to a comprehensive checklist. Plus, we are more than happy to accommodate any specific cleaning instructions you have for individual rooms!
And that's not all! Our results will be great because we provide our workers with top-notch quality tools designed to clean your place more effectively. However, if the results don't satisfy you, we'll gladly come back and reclean your entire home at no cost—no hidden prices or upsells!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Devon?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Devon?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Devon! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Devon.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Devon, AB
Many homeowners have a lack of time, preventing them from keeping their homes clean. Luckily, Devon's community has the perfect solution: Duty Cleaners! We offer recurring cleaning packages to help keep your place spotless on a weekly, bi-weekly, and four-week basis—you can pick whatever frequency that works best for you and your home!
You'll have more free time to spend on things that matter and save a few bucks. How? Depending on how often you want us to go to your home, we'll give you a 10%, 15%, or 20% discount on your total! We'll always leave your place as consistently pristine as only a trustworthy, professional company can.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
SERVING
Edmonton
(780) 913- 6565
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Learn More
SERVING
Calgary
(403) 768- 1341
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Learn More
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service