URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-sherwood-park/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in Sherwood Park, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in Sherwood Park, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in Sherwood Park, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for Sherwood Park
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in Sherwood Park, AB
Sherwood Park's homeowners have never seen a cleaning company like ours! At Duty Cleaners, we strive to deliver the most complete and effective cleaning experience out there. We are fully licensed, so you can rest assured that our cleaners will work with respect and care to leave your place spotless.
When you book with us, you'll always have an open channel through our website to ask us questions or make changes to your service—we'll gladly lend you a hand! We also value your time and money, so expect no upsells or extra fees. On top of that, we will come back and clean your place again for free if you are not satisfied with the results—100% guaranteed!
Things To Do In Sherwood Park, AB
Sherwood Park, located in Strathcona County, has everything you can expect from a hamlet: natural beauty, community spirit, and rich history. Established in 1955, Sherwood Park has blossomed into a vibrant place to become one of Canada's largest hamlets, offering a close-knit community experience with a strong sense of identity while providing residents with all the amenities you can find in a city.
As you explore the area, you'll be enchanted by the lush green spaces, such as the expansive Strathcona Science Provincial Park, offering picturesque trails and tranquil lakes. Sherwood Park is also home to numerous historical sites that shed light on its past, including the Strathcona County Museum and Archives, where you can delve into the region's pioneer heritage.
For a dose of culture, catch a performance at Festival Place, a renowned venue that hosts a diverse array of live concerts, theatre productions, and dance performances. End your day with a visit to La Patrona, a vibrant Mexican restaurant renowned for its authentic flavours, lively atmosphere, and warm hospitality.
Sherwood Park House Cleaning Done Right
If you want premium cleaning at the right price, Duty Cleaners in Edmonton, is your best option! We are fully licensed, which means only certified cleaners will tackle light dirt and tough grime without a problem. Our quality is also guaranteed because we equip every cleaner with professional tools and supplies!
Besides using top-of-the-line products, at your request, our team of professionals will bring green cleaning products to leave your place spotless without posing a risk to your family or pets. We'll go above and beyond to thoroughly clean every room in your home; you can't ask for anything better!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in Sherwood Park?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in Sherwood Park?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in Sherwood Park ! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in Sherwood Park.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In Sherwood Park, AB
Not everybody in Sherwood Park can easily keep up with their house cleaning due to lack of time. Luckily, a busy schedule is not a problem for us! We offer our recurring cleaning services for anyone who needs them. Choose freely between a four-weekly, bi-weekly, and weekly basis, as it better fits your needs.
We won't only help you free your time to relax or to enjoy with your loved ones. We also have special discounts from 10% to 20% based on your preferred frequency. Get the assurance only a team of cleaning professionals can give you and book your Recurring Cleaning services now!
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
Duty Cleaners Cleaning Services Sherwood Park
65 Graham Road, Sherwood Park, AB T8A 2K4
Phone: +1 (587) 405-5216
Email: sherwoodpark@dutycleaners.ca
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service