URL: https://dutycleaners.ca/cleaning-services-st-albert/
TITLE: House Cleaning Services in St. Albert, AB | Duty Cleaners

House Cleaning Services in St. Albert, AB | Duty Cleaners                           Skip to content   Cleaning Services Edmonton | Cleaning Services Calgary
Menu
Instant Quote
YEG 780-913-6565
YYC (403) 768-1341
Menu
Ed 780-913-6565
Cal (403) 768-1341
House Cleaning Services in St. Albert, AB
Customized Home Cleaning Services for St. Albert
GET INSTANT PRICE
780-913-6565
House Cleaning Services in St. Albert, AB
There's no need to look for another cleaning company in St. Albert; Duty Cleaners has all you need and more! For starters, we won't ever charge you any hidden fees or upsells. Doubts? You can easily contact us to answer your questions or make changes to your package. Also, you'll be glad to know we are fully licensed to provide our cleaning services!
It doesn't matter if your house is big or small; our cleaners are fully prepared to tackle all kinds of cleaning challenges effectively. Besides, if you have any special request for us to clean specific areas in your home, you can let us know, and we'll follow through—your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed!
Things To Do In St. Albert, AB
Founded in 1861 as a Catholic mission, St. Albert distinguishes itself by being Alberta's oldest non-fortified, peaceful settlement. With a population of over 66,000, this vibrant city is currently the second-largest city in Edmonton Metropolitan Region. Its picturesque location, just northwest of Edmonton, offers a serene escape from the bustle of the city while remaining conveniently close.
St. Albert's commitment to preserving its past is evident in landmarks such as Father Lacombe Chapel, a provincial historic site that showcases the region's missionary roots. If you are into art, you'll find the perfect place at the Art Gallery of St. Albert, which has a diverse range of local and international artworks, providing a glimpse into the city's vibrant art scene.
To enjoy the natural beauty of St. Albert, the Lois Hole Centennial Provincial Park is a sprawling parkland with picturesque trails, picnic spots, and serene views of Big Lake. For a delightful shopping experience, head to the St. Albert Farmers' Market, where you can browse a plethora of fresh produce, handmade crafts, and delectable treats while enjoying a lively atmosphere.
St. Albert House Cleaning Done Right
First, you can rest assured we are more than capable; we are fully licensed to clean your home with great attention to detail! Our cleaners are background checked for your peace of mind and will clean every room in your home following an extensive checklist—we don't miss a single thing! Besides, you can ask us to follow specific instructions so your place is just as you want.
We won't only do a great job, but we'll do it with top-of-the-line cleaning supplies, so you can rest assured that the results will be amazing. Just before we're done, we can tidy and sanitise your home, so expect a squeaky clean, healthier place. We know we make such great work that if you aren't satisfied with the results, we return and clean again for free!
Get an instant quote, without all the hassle.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
JOIN 100’s
HAPPY CLIENTS A MONTH
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
We stand behind the quality of our staff. If you’re not 100% satisfied with your cleaning, we’ll come back and re-clean it!
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions
How long does an initial cleaning take?
When hiring our services for the first time, you might wonder about the exact time the initial cleaning would take. While it can be a challenge to narrow it down, we can give you a time estimate, so you can consider the duration when choosing a date.
Here are some examples of billable hours an initial cleaning may take depending on the square footage of your home and the condition it was left in:
Under 1000 square feet: 1-3 Hours
1001-1500 square feet: 2-4 hours
1501-2000 square feet: 3-6 hours
2001-2500 square feet: 4-7 hours
2501-3000 square feet: 6-9 hours
3001-3500 square feet: 8-12 hours
3501-4000 square feet: 8-13 hours
Is there anything you won't clean?
Our skilled professionals will go above and beyond to clean your home, but there are some tasks they won't perform for everyone's safety.
Here are some of the tasks we won't perform:
Cleaning light bulbs and lighting fixtures.
Cleaning chandeliers.
Cleaning outside windows.
Cleaning window screens or disassembling windows.
Doing laundry, organizing or folding clothes, and doing dishes.
Cleaning garages and patios.
Cleaning anything outside the home.
Moving or lifting anything over 25 lbs.
Stepping higher than two steps on a ladder.
Cleaning biohazards (mold, blood, bodily fluids).
Cleaning up animal waste.
Cleaning cat litter box.
Cleaning insects/rodents.
Heavy scrubbing of walls/doors.
Hoarding or cleaning high levels of trash/debris.
Furnace/vent/duct cleaning, upholstery cleaning, or drain cleaning.
Carpet steam commercial cleaning.
What cleaning services does Duty Cleaners offer in St. Albert?
Whenever you choose Duty Cleaners, you'll have an expert taking care of your home or business using the best cleaning products available. We offer:
Commercial Cleaning
Standard Cleaning & Deep Cleaning Packages
Move-In And Move-Out Cleaning Service
Post Construction Cleaning
Wall Washing and Wall Cleaning
What form of payments do you accept for your cleaning services?
You can pay using a credit card or a debit card (Mastercard/Visa/American Express). Don't worry! Our payment system is secured, and we'll put your payment on hold a day before the cleaning service. The hold will look like a charge in your bank app, but it is just a hold. Charges will only be made after the cleaning is completed.
How can I book Duty Cleaners in St. Albert?
To book an appointment, click here https://dutycleaners.ca/booking-page/ . By filling out the form with your type of home, frequency of the service, and more details, we'll be able to deliver our quality service at a price you'll love.
Do you offer discounts?
We offer recurring discounts for our Standard and Deep Cleaning Packages.
If you avail of our recurring discount, on your next cleaning:
If Every week, you will get 20% off
If Every two weeks, you will get 15% off
If Every four weeks, you will get 10% off
What's included in a deep cleaning?
Combining our standard cleaning package with the extra tasks of deep cleaning, we ensure your spaces are thoroughly cleaned and free of rooted dust. Deep cleaning adds the following:
Clean the outside AC outlet panels, so they look new
Cobweb removal
Ceiling fans dusted and cleaned
Light switches fully cleaned
All vents that we can reach will also be cleaned
And more!
What is your 100% satifaction guarantee policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with the results, call us back within 24 hours, and we'll return to make it right!
Our Cleaning Services
You can't go wrong with Duty Cleaners in St. Albert! We guarantee you'll find the perfect cleaning package for you. Have a look!
Regular House
Cleaning
Our Regular House Cleaning service is designed for maintaining a consistently clean and welcoming home environment.
Move-In Move-Out Cleaning
Moving can be stressful enough without worrying about cleaning. Our Move-In Move-Out Cleaning service takes the burden off your shoulders.
Office Commercial Cleaning
A clean workspace promotes productivity and professionalism. Our Office Commercial Cleaning service caters to businesses of all sizes in St. Albert.
Post Construction Cleaning
Our Post-Construction Cleaning service is tailored to handle the final phase of cleaning after construction, ensuring the removal of construction dust, paint splatters, smudges, and other impurities, leaving the space move-in ready.
Recurring Cleaning Services In St. Albert, AB
You may have the will to clean your home but not the time. Luckily, Duty Cleaners can do it for you! When you hire our recurring cleaning services, we guarantee to keep your place tidy and spotless visit after visit. Whether you need a cleaning weekly, bi-weekly, or every four weeks, our cleaners will deliver consistent results!
Besides helping you not to worry about lack of time, you also won't have to worry about your wallet. Depending on how frequently you want us to clean your home, you will qualify for discounts starting at 10% over your total bill. On top of that, you'll be at ease knowing that a professional cleaning team will take over your cleaning duties, which is priceless!
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Give us a call
Curious about our cleaning services or want to learn more? We're here to answer your questions!
Call us at 780-913-6565
Our office
Duty Cleaners Cleaning Services St. Albert
525 St. Albert Trail, Suite 260
St. Albert, AB T8N 4J8
Phone: (587) 405-5215
Email: stalbert@dutycleaners.ca
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours of Operation
Monday-Saturday: 8:00AM-8:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM-3:00PM   REVIEWS
Get Instant Price
Simply fill out the form below and we'll instantly email you a quote.
Facebook      Instagram      X-twitter      Youtube
Duty Cleaners Locations
Duty Cleaners Calgary:
2835 37 Street SW #24, Calgary, AB T3E 3B3
Directions
Duty Cleaners Edmonton:
18615 71 Ave NW, Edmonton, AB T5T 2V9
Directions
The Goods
Join the team
Blog
Service Areas
Gift Cards
Happy Clients
Client Login
Sign up
Help Center
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© All rights reserved​
PRIVACY-POLICY
Terms of Service